	
Extra	Friends, come closer and listen to this tale
Extra	It's a tale of a boy and his bird
Extra	As they struggle to discover the meaning of friendship.
	
Extra	We start this story in the bazaar of Aggrabba
Extra	Where a young prince and his monkey
Extra	are sharing the Good News with the world!
	
	
	[song starts]
	
	
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	
	
Aladdin	Gotta keep
Aladdin	One jump ahead of temptation
Aladdin	One heart for the hungry and poor
Aladdin	I give only what God has in store
Aladdin	And that's everything!
Aladdin	One jump ahead of the masses
Aladdin	That's all, and that's no joke
Aladdin	God's always making sure that I stay woke
	
Jasmine	Taxi!
Jasmine	Hurry!
Jasmine	Carpet?
Aladdin	Jasmine!
Aladdin	Hop on, where to next friend?
Jasmine	To the palace
Jasmine	Thanks for the ride!
	
Aladdin	I'll sit on the right
Aladdin	Gotta make more stops
Aladdin	Glad to have a friend or two
	
Friends	Thank you for your work God in Aladdin
Friends	He’s the friend you always can count on
Friends	Aladdin gives us help, he doesn't take it
	
Aladdin	Gotta love to give, gotta pray to love
Aladdin	Tell you more about it when we've got the time
	
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	<instrumental>
	
Aladdin	One jump closer to God now
Aladdin	One skip ahead of your doom
Aladdin	I want to help all of my friends in need
Aladdin	That’s why I'm sharing the good news
Aladdin	How Jesus died for my sins
Aladdin	I love sharing gospel with my friends
	
Abu	Yo dawg
Aladdin	Homie
Abu	God's good
Aladdin	Amen!
	
Aladdin	God's the one who saved me
Aladdin	Without him this life is empty
	
Aladdin	God so loved the world, so he sent his son
Aladdin	Believe in him for eternal life
Aladdin	whoo!
	
	<instrumental>
	
Aladdin	He died for our salvation
Aladdin	to save all the lost
Aladdin	From sin who was our captor
Aladdin	Now we have life ever after
Aladdin	So you
Aladdin	Better listen closely
Aladdin	Listen to this story
Aladdin	All you gotta do is pray!
	
	
	
Jafar	I wonder why everyone likes him!
Iago	Many friends, many friends (squawk)
Jafar	But I have no friends
Iago	*Sqwuak* I thought I was your friend
Jafar	Yea yea yea, you know what I mean
Iago	Oh, c'mon, I'm a giant talking parrot! I'd say I'm a pretty magical friend!
Jafar	Wait that's it! Maybe Aladdin is popular because of Genie's magic powers!
Iago	Oh oh! what if YOU steal the lamp and then get all of his little friends
Jafar	Hmmm steal the lamp...and then I'll wish for popularity! It's perfect! I'm a genius!
Jafar + Iago	(Evil laugh)
	
	
	
	
Iago	The lamp! The la-
	
	
	
Aladdin	Where is Genie??
	
	
	
Iago	Rub the lamp, rub the lamp!
Jafar	You don't have to tell me! I know how to use the lamp.
	
Genie	It's me, Genie! Here to help! What do you need Ala... where is Aladdin?
Jafar	I'm your master now!! I have the lamp so you have to listen to me!
	
Genie	Well then... how did you get the lamp?
Iago	We found it on the floor (*nudges Jafar)
Jafar	We stole it from Aladdin
Jafar	We found it on the floor
	
Genie	Well, the rules are the rules. I must grant the holder of the lamp 3 wishes.
Genie	"I'm a pretty powerful genie but.there are three limits
 1) I won't kill anyone
 2) I wont bring anyone back from the dead and
 3) I can't make people fall in love/friendship.
 What is your first wish?"
Jafar	I want to be popular!
Genie	"As I just said, I can't make people fall into friendship. 
 I can change what's on the outside, but only God can change what's on the inside."
Jafar	"Blah blah blah whatever Genie. Fine, give me all the toys in the world. 
 Aladdin always has stuff he's giving away, I bet that is why he has friends.
 If I have toys, people will want to be my friend too!"
Genie	Okay, I will grant you the wish, but you will see that it won't make people your friends
	
	
	
	[music starts]
Genie	(Make way for Yo' Boy Jafar!)
Genie	(Say hey! It's Yo' Boy Jafar!)
	
Genie	Hey! Clear the way in the old bazaar
Genie	Hey you! Let us through! It’s a brand new car!
Genie	Oh come, be the first on your block to try it out!
	
Genie	Make way! Here he comes! Make calls! Send invites!
Genie	Oh! You're gonna love his toys!
	
Genie	Bro Jafar! So pop-u-lar!
Genie	Owns all the toy stores
Jafar	Line up please, down on both knees
Jafar	beg for these toys!
Jafar	Now, come and be my best pal
Jafar	Swear not to crush your morale
Jafar	Then come and do a spectacular dance for me
	
Iago	Yo Boy Jafar!
Iago	Social is he
Iago	Trending on Youtube
Iago	Cooler than 10 regular men, definitely!
	
Genie	He filled the whole pokedex
Genie	Even for pokemon sword
Genie	He has all the games to hoard
Genie	Yo Boy Jafar
	
Jafar	I've got 35 LTE Ipads
Jafar	Don't need wifi
Jafar	for any of these
	
Iago	Super Mario, Final Fantasy
Iago	My gosh he's so cool
Iago	(and I'm telling you, it's a world-class amusement park)
	
Jafar	I’m Jafar! Beloved is me, favored and friendly
Jafar	All these toys! You get to
Jafar	have to play with me
	
"Friends" 1	Well, get on out in that square
"Friends" 1	Get in the line and prepare
"Friends" 1	To love, to laugh and to share with cool Jafar!
	
"Friends" 1	He's got 95 cute shiba puppies
"Friends" 2	(He's got the puppies, let's see the puppies)
"Friends" 1	And to view them he charges a fee
"Friends" 2	(He's not generous, he won't share with us)
"Friends" 1	Be his friends, be his fanboys, his lackies
"Friends" 2	All to work for him?
"Friends" 2	bow to his whim;
"Friends" 2	sounds terrible in reality
	
Jafar	I'm Jafar!
Jafar	Ultimately, I'm better than 'laddin
Jafar	I can dance better than him definitely
Jafar	And that, good people, is why I'm better you can't deny
Jafar	With 60 Kyogres, squirtles galore
Jafar	With my Mews and mewtwos
Jafar	my DS and more
Jafar	With my 40 snickers, my twix and twizzlers
Jafar	My switch that works perfectly
Jafar + Iago	Make way for your boy Jafarrrrrrrrrr
	
	
Jafar	Mwhahaha! Look at it all! I have EVERYTHING!
Iago	You have everything, many things, all the things!
Jafar	Now that I have everything they should become my FRIENDS!
Jafar	Play with my toys! Be my friend! HAHAHA!
	
Jasmine	Wow, this toy is so cool, I want to share it with Aladdin!!
	
	
Jafar	Wait why aren't you being my friend?
Abu	
Jafar	Not you, you filthy monkey, don't you dare touch it!
	
Jasmine	Did you see how mean that guy was?
Aladdin	Yeah, and the poor monkey
Jasmine	And then the way he demandedthat we be his friend
	
Jafar	I have all the toys! Why won't people be my friend?
Genie	"Jafar, having stuff won't make you happy. 
 Also, having stuff won't make people be your friends either."
Jafar	Then, then...I WISH to be ALL-POWERFUL, and people have to OBEY to what I say!
Genie	"There's a more important relationship out there. 
 Maybe I can explain the problem to you in a different way..."
	[song begins]
	
	
Genie	Well you're asking for this power now
Genie	You think it'll give you all the friends
Genie	But buddy if you think this satisfies
Genie	You're just believing in a bunch of lies
	
Jafar	It doesn't matter you're my genie now
Jafar	I'll get all my friends my own way
Jafar	I got some plans, pizzazz, yahoo and how
Jafar	You just gotta do the things I say
	
Iago	So you’ll say,
Iago	My best bro Jafar, sir
Iago	What will your pleasure be?
Iago	Let me take your order
Iago	Jot it down
Iago	I ain’t never had a friend like you
	
Jafar	Let’s all play basketball
Jafar	I’ll almost let you win
Jafar	C’mon let’s all play the things I want
Jafar	You ain’t never had a friend like me
	
Iago	Yes sir, we’ll have fun as you serve him
Iago	Make him food,
Iago	do his work, watch him game!
Iago	If you want to play,
Iago	Use his controller, hey!
Iago	You don’t need to check if it’s plugged in-
	
Jafar	You don’t like what I say,
Jafar	I’ll magic that away,
Jafar	It doesn't matter anyway
Jafar	You ain’t never had a friend like me
	
	
Jafar	I didn't say you can stop!
Jasmine	Jafar, we do want to play with you, but you're not being very nice
Jafar	But this is so much fun! Why are you all stopping?
Jasmine	But it's not fun for us!
Jafar	"Even though they're doing what I want... they're not my friends.
 This isn't what I wanted at all."
	
	
Jafar	Selfish, not nice, why'm I like that?
Jafar	If only I'd been kinder
Jafar	Would they see a mean boy
Jafar	No siree they'd find out that there's so much more to me
Jafar	Someday Iago, things are going to change
Jafar	We'll have friends, have sleepovers, and never have any problems at all
	
	
Jafar	What was the thing you mentioned earlier?
Genie	"I can change how you look on the outside, but I can't change what's in the inside. 
 Let me explain..."
Genie	So there's this thing called Sin. (Point to the slide)
Genie	"We're all sinners. Some sins are more obvious, like disobeying your parents, or lying to your friends. 
 Some sins are more hidden, like selfish heart that does not want to share your toys or wanting friends to make yourself look popular. 
 We might not be aware of our own sins but everyone is a sinner."
Genie	Sins separate us from God. We can try really really hard but we'll never reach his perfect standard. That's why God sent us Jesus (Point to the slide, slide turns).
Genie	"God sent us his only son to die for our sin, so that we might be able to come before God, and enjoy his full love, beauty and glory! 
 Day by day, as we learn more about Jesus and are taught by the holy spirit, we can be more like him and the love and joy will overflow!"
Genie	And you're not alone in this. Every one of us has a sin in our heart.
	
Genie	I used to believe too much in my own power
	
Jasmine	I used to care too much about my own looks
Magic Carpet	
Genie	The magic carpet is saying me is too lazy.
Genie	And Iago lies too much.
Iago	I don't lie! ....a lot....
Abu	And I have a banana problem..
Aladdin	I used to idolize status and wealth and thought that would make people like me.
Jafar	Thank you guys for sharing...I think I understand now.
Jafar	I wanted friends not because I wanted to build relationships and love others.
Jafar	I just wanted people to think I was popular. That was really selfish of me.
Genie	When you experience God's love, and admit you need help, God will change you and make you a more loving person.
Jafar	"Dear God, Thank you for sending Jesus to save us from our sins,
 and for the Genie and everyone for helping me realize how selfish I've been. 
 I want to change from the inside and become move loving like you!"
	
	
	
Iago	Uhh I feel like we're supposed to do something right now....
Jafar	Yea, like sing some sort of tune...what was it again?
Iago	God.... loves... me....... God loves me,
Jafar + Iago	Can’t...hold it back... any.... more (gains more confidence)
Jafar + Iago	I love you, and you too,
Jafar + Iago	Like i never have before….
	
Genie	(Genie cuts them off) Hey that's the wrong movie!
Genie	Music please! (with gusto)
	
	
Genie	God can show you the world
Genie	He is sovereign and splendid
Genie	Tell me how do you feel
Genie	Now that you've let Christ in your life?
	
Jafar	He has opened my eyes
Jafar	Changed my life for the better
Jafar	Now I'm praising my saviour
Jafar	and I put my pride aside
	
Genie	A whole new world
Genie	A new fantastic point of view
Genie	You used to feel alone
Genie	no friends at home
Genie	But God was always waiting
	
Iago	A whole new world
Iago	A sense of love I never knew
Iago	Now from the inside out
Iago	I have no doubt
Iago	That now I'm in a whole new world with you
Genie + Jafar	(Now I'm in a whole new world)
	
Jasmine	Now that I am in Christ
Jasmine	Indescribable freedom
Jasmine	Not concerned 'bout my image
Magic Carpet	~~
	
Everyone (Jafar)	A whole new world (Now with God by my side)
Everyone (Jafar)	And all the joy you've given me (all the wishes, don't matter)
Abu	I have this new hunger
Abu	For something more
Abu	Cuz now I know my saviour lives in me
	
Everyone (Genie)	A whole new world (In the body of Christ)
Everyone (Genie)	Now we want to spread the Truth (Every moment, gets better)
Everyone	Share God's love everywhere
Everyone	No time to spare
Everyone	Come and share this whole new world with us 
Everyone (Genie)	A whole new world (A whole new world)
Everyone (Genie)	With Christ in me (with Christ in me)
Everyone	His warm embrace
Genie	(and endless grace)
Everyone	For you and me
	
	
Iago	Wait Jafar, you still have your 3rd wish!
Jafar	You know what, I know what I want for my last wish.
Genie	Sigh, okay, what is your last wish?
Jafar	I wish for everyone to have a great Hallelujah Night!