TITLE: SCENE 1 - Daniel and His Friends are Captured and Taken to Babylon

(Daniel’s friends) set up chair/table/cylinder seal on center of stage before the start of the scene

(Position) Actors’ starting positions Before Stage Entry:
(Position) Right Side: Sign Bearers, Ashpenaz (carrying Ash-pen-az sign)
(Position) Already on stage: Daniel (carrying carrot and six-pack)
(Position) Left Side: Daniel’s friends (Shadrach carrying Mic), King (carrying plate of food and handed a Mic)
(Position) With the Kids: Kid Helper (carrying Mic)

(Daniel) (carrying a carrot and six-pack) already sitting on his desk in the center of the stage looking busy rolling a cylinder seal.

(Sign bearer 1) walks from the right side to the left - Daniel and Friends Taken to Babylon.

(Ashpenaz) (carrying Ash-pen-az sign) enters the stage from the right side and stands to the right front of Daniel and faces the audience (don’t block Daniel from audiences’ view)

[Ashpenaz] (to the audience) Hello everyone! I’m the king’s chief of staff—a very important man in Babylon. My name is Ashpenaz. (shows Ash-pen-az sign)

(Daniel) stands up from his desk and walks to the front of the stage.

[Daniel] (to the audience) Hello! Welcome! I heard you singing a while ago. It made me so happy to hear people praising the one true God. But it made me homesick, too. I’m not from here in Babylon, you know. My name is Daniel and I’m from the Tribe of Judah in Jerusalem, far from here.

(Kid participation helper) gets ready to bring Mic to the kids Daniel will point at to answer questions.

[Daniel] (walks forward to edge of stage) (Points to a younger kid) How about you? What is your name and which tribe are you from? (younger kid answers) Nice to meet you!

[Daniel] (Points to another older kid) How about you? (older kid answers) What if I said you can’t be [Kid’s name] anymore, and you have to move far away from your tribe? How would you feel about this change? (older kid answers)

[Daniel] (to the audience) I felt the same way about the changes! Let me tell you what’s changed for me. I lost my name when I was taken captive and brought here to Babylon. Ashpenaz changed my name from “Daniel” to “Belteshazzar.” Can you all repeat that after me? 1,2, 3 (Belteshazzar!) Hey! My three best friends are coming over here!

(Daniel’s friends) (Shadrach carrying Mic) enter the stage from left side and stand next to Daniel

[Shadrach] (to the audience) They changed our names to “Shadrach,” “Meshach,” and “Abednego”. (passes Mic to Meshach).

[Meshach] (to the audience) These are strange names. (passes Mic to Abednego).

[Abednego] (to the audience) But at least they’re easier to pronounce than our old names.

[Daniel] (to the audience) Not me, you can still call me Daniel.

[Daniel] (to the audience) Now to you all, what would you miss the most if you were taken from your home to a new land? (kid answers). Thanks for sharing that answer. We’ve all been through changes. In my life, it felt like everything changed. But I knew that when things change, God is with you. And my faith in God is the one thing that didn’t change! They could take me from my home, give me a new name, change everything in my life—but they couldn’t change my faith in God!

(Daniel’s friends) leave the stage on the left side (Abednego hands Mic to the King) and go around the room to the right side to prep for bringing in props in Skit 2.

(King) (carrying a plate of fancy food and Mic) enters the stage from the left side as Daniel’s friends leave.

[King] (hands Daniel the plate of food) This is your daily amount of food and wine, directly from my table! To make you buff!

(King) flexes and dabs then leaves the stage on the left side.

[Ashpenaz] (to the audience) Oh no, the king dabbed!

[Daniel] (hands Ashpenaz the plate of food) More importantly, I can’t eat or drink any of these unclean foods.

[Ashpenaz] What are you, vegan?

[Daniel] No, it's against the word of God! I’m not going to eat the king’s food. Ashpenaz, I’m going to eat vegetables only instead. (takes out the carrot from his pocket and waves it at Ashpenaz). You can compare me and my friends against the other young men after 10 days, and see how buff we are.

[Ashpenaz] Hmm.. I can be fired for this, but alright, let’s try.

(Sign bearer 2) walks from the right side to the left - 10 days later. Daniel turns around and puts on six-pack

(Daniel) shows off six-pack, flexes and then dabs.

[Ashpenaz] (to the audience) Oh no.. Daniel dabbed..

(Daniel and Ashpenaz) leave the stage on the right side.